SSM documents:
    1. documents can be json or yaml
    2. you define parameters and actions
    3. many documents already exists in aws.
    4. you can create your own documents
    5. you can share documents with other accounts
    6. you can use documents to automate tasks
    7. you can use documents to install software
    8. you can use documents to run scripts
    9. you can use documents to run commands
    10. you can use documents to run automation
    11. you can use documents to run commands on multiple instances
    12. you can use documents to run commands on multiple accounts
    13. you can use documents to run commands on multiple regions
    14. you can use documents to run commands on multiple platforms
    15. you can use documents to run commands on multiple os
    16. you can use documents to run commands on multiple distributions
    17. you can use documents to run commands on multiple versions
    18. you can use documents to run commands on multiple architectures
    19. you can use documents to run commands on multiple environments
    20. you can use documents to run commands on multiple networks
    21. you can use documents to run commands on multiple subnets
    22. you can use documents to run commands on multiple vpcs
    23. you can use documents to run commands on multiple accounts
    24. you can use documents to run commands on multiple regions
    25. you can use documents to run commands on multiple platforms
    26. you can use documents to run commands on multiple os
    27. you can use documents to run commands on multiple distributions
    28. you can use documents to run commands on multiple versions
    29. you can use documents to run commands on multiple architectures
    30. you can use documents to run commands on multiple environments
    31. you can use documents to run commands on multiple networks
    32. you can use documents to run commands on multiple subnets
    33. you can use documents to run commands on multiple vpcs
    34. you can use documents to run commands on multiple accounts
    35. you can use documents to run commands on multiple regions
    36. you can use documents to run commands on multiple platforms
    37. you can use documents to run commands on multiple os


        example
    {
  "schemaVersion": "2.2",
  "description": "Run a shell script or specify the commands to run.",
  "mainSteps": [
    {
      "action": "aws:runShellScript",
      "name": "runShellScript",
      "inputs": {
        "runCommand": [
          "echo Hello, World!"
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
}